DOCS-12525 [EDITS]Copy to edit (#180)
mulesoft/docs-mule-sdk: modules/ROOT/pages/rest-sdk/edits/rest-sdk-connectivity.adoc

> = REST SDK

Reviewer: This is a super general topic title, when the real focus of this topic is Achieving Rapid Connectivity Using REST SDK, or Creating a Connector Using REST SDK (since the topic includes a chronological list of tasks).

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::../_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

REST SDK enables you to create a connector from an API specification (OAS or RAML)
and uses a metadata-driven approach to accelerate connector development. REST SDK
provides a quick and relevant connectivity experience that is easy to use and requires

> little to no configuration.

Reviewer: This intro para moves from "SDK enables you, and it uses" to "it provides this experience."
It does not quite seem to hang together somehow. Should it focus on what the SDK is, since the following text addresses what you can do with it?
Here's one approach, although it might not match your intention, so...just an idea...:
```suggestion
Using a metadata-driven approach to accelerate connector development, REST SDK
enables you to quickly and easily create a connector from an API specification (OAS or RAML),
requiring little to no configuration.
```

> With REST SDK you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With REST SDK, you can:
```
HOWEVER...are these following listed actions things that the SDK does for you or that you do?
```suggestion
Using REST SDK results in:
* Instant connectivity...
* Short connector build times, sometimes from....
* A unified...
* Elimination of system-specific....
```

Author: I like this! One thing I would like to change is "build times" since I don't want it confused with the actual build used to make connectors. Does "short connector creation times, sometimes from..." sound weird to you? @kbostrom

* Enable instant connectivity via metadata

> * Reduce the speed needed to build a new connector from several months to days or minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reduce the time needed to build a new connector from several months to days or minutes
```

> * Provide a unified connector designer that welcomes non-developer users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide a unified connector designer that welcomes nondeveloper users
```

> * Eliminate the need to generate and maintain system specific code and static assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Eliminate the need to generate and maintain system-specific code and static assets
```

== How to Use REST SDK

Use the following documentation as a step-by-step guide to build your own

> connector using REST SDK.

Reviewer: A general rule about breaking a topic into subtopics is that you have more than one subtopic; just one subtopic is easily incorporated into the topic itself.
I think you can do that here:
```suggestion
Follow this path to build your own connector using REST SDK:
```
... and then use a number list rather than a bullet list, because the items are ordered (chronological).

> * xref:rest-sdk/features.adoc[Overview]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. xref:rest-sdk/features.adoc[Uses for REST SDK]
```

+

> Learn about different use cases and features that REST SDK provides.

Reviewer: SDK does not "provide" features or use cases. Consider...:
```suggestion
Learn about REST SDK features and use cases.
```

> * xref:rest-sdk/project-setup.adoc[Setup and Installation]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. xref:rest-sdk/project-setup.adoc[Set Up and Install REST SDK]
```

+

> Ensure you meet the prerequisites and install the REST SDK plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete prerequisites and install the REST SDK plugin.
```

> * xref:rest-sdk/scaffold-connector-descriptor.adoc[Scaffold a Connector Descriptor]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. xref:rest-sdk/scaffold-connector-descriptor.adoc[Scaffold a Connector Descriptor]
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY change bullets to step numbers; I'll stop marking that below.

+
Scaffold a connector descriptor from an API specification.

* xref:rest-sdk/create-connector.adoc[Create a Connector]
+

> Create a connector from a connector descriptor and an API specification.

Reviewer: "your"? the ones you just used in scaffolding?
```suggestion
Create a connector from your connector descriptor and your API specification.
```

> * xref:rest-sdk/customization-layer.adoc[Create a Customization Layer]

Reviewer: I have a technical question about the relationship between this optional task and the task that follows it: do you not have to create a customization layer in order to customize the connector? Or is Customize Your Connector also optional?
If this is a question that your audience is not likely to have, then just ignore me. I'm sure that the text in the full .adoc for each clarifies this, but it might not be a bad idea to clarify this relationship in the intro .adoc.

Author: Yup, you do not have to create a customization layer to customize your connector. You can customize your connector with just a connector descriptor or a connector descriptor + optional customization layer

+

> Optionally, create an instance of your existing connector descriptor to add new layers of functionality.

Reviewer: Instead of using "optionally" in step lists, provide the reason for the option preceded by "To" or "If" (which imply the choice and tell WHY right at the beginning, easing reader comprehension (GLOBAL technique):
```suggestion
To add functionality, create a customizable instance of your existing connector descriptor.
```
Be sure that this ^ does not change your intended technical meaning; I took a leap of faith based on the title, and now that I see the following similar task, I wonder what the difference is between adding a customization layer and customizing the connector?????

Author: Good thing you asked-- may be helpful to clarify that you can customize your connector with just a connector descriptor OR with a connector descriptor and customization layer

* xref:rest-sdk/customize-the-connector.adoc[Customize Your Connector]
+

> Modify the connector descriptor(s) to customize your generated connector.

Reviewer: Our style is to not use "(s)". Replace with either the singular or the plural, whichever is most likely or precise (typically the plural).
Also, should we define "customize" by adding some examples: "...to customize your connector <to include, to do, to <something>>"?

* Build and Publish Your Connector
+

> Build your connector using Maven, generate models, and publish your connector to Exchange.

Reviewer: First instance attribution:
```suggestion
Build your connector using Apache Maven, generate models, and publish your connector to Anypoint Exchange.
```

* Use Your Connector in Studio or Flow Designer
+

> Use your connector directly in either Studio or Flow Designer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use your connector directly in either Anypoint Studio or Anypoint Flow Designer.
```
